Log refactor docs update [10224] (#219)
eProsima/Fast-RTPS-docs: docs/fastdds/logging/disable_module.rst

* |logInfo| is fully disabled by either:

>     * Setting CMake option |LOG_NO_INFO| to ``ON`` (default with ``CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE`` other than ``Debug``).

Reviewer: Write a period at the end of all the sentences in the lists

Author: :+1:

>     * Setting CMake option |LOG_NO_INFO| to ``ON`` (Default with ``CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE`` different than ``Debug``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Setting CMake option |LOG_NO_INFO| to ``ON`` (default with ``CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE`` other than ``Debug``).
```

Author: :+1:

Applying either of the previously described methods will set the macro to be empty at configuration time, thus allowing
the compiler to optimize the call out.
This is done so that all the debugging messages present on the library are optimized out at build time if not building
for debugging purposes, thus preventing them to impact performance.

``INTERNAL_DEBUG`` CMake option activates log macros compilation, so the arguments of the macros are compiled.

> However it does not activate the log messages, i.e. the messages is not written in the log queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However it does not activate the log messages, i.e. the messages are not written in the log queue.
```

Author: :+1:

Applying either of the previously described methods will set the macro to be empty at configuration time, thus allowing
the compiler to optimize the call out.
This is done so that all the debugging messages present on the library are optimized out at build time if not building
for debugging purposes, thus preventing them to impact performance.

> ``INTERNAL_DEBUG`` CMake option activates log macros compilation, so the arguments of the macros are compiled and
> executed.
> But it does not activate the log messages (it does not force log to write the messages in the macros).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``INTERNAL_DEBUG`` CMake option activates log macros compilation, so that the arguments of the macros are compiled and
executed.
However it does not activate the log messages, i.e. the log does not write the messages in the macros.

```

Author: :+1: 
Other error in INTERNAL_DEBUG explanation has been corrected.
